hey guys welcome to my channel this is
my first video from Korea I'm so excited
and right now I'm gonna do a crazy thing
with J suppliers my name is J I also run
a YouTube channel I just sold her
experiment and interview so check it out
we are actually doing a social
experiment first time in my life thank
you so much for sharing this idea we're
gonna talk in English to Koreans and see
what's their level so if you want to see
how it goes let's do it let's go
[Music]
do you know any brands like accent /
silly accent number 7 which was your
anticipations
translation is a serial station haha and
if you if you go to X number 7 go
straight mm-hm
be difficult to find it but anyway this
is 0 it's a station bit fiddly pool you
know includes the station yeah okay so
this is the dong dong is between these
two stages
haha also dong dongs are oddly like a
name of the pirate error there's like
below station to a realization yeah
there's the youngest area to go anyway
so they've used this Oakland display
whole place is called jungle oh okay
exit number 7
numbers and two blocks away from the
station mm-hmm so that's number seven
your English is perfect yeah you're
either she's really good yeah like
you're from Korea all right yeah and
your English is like this like yesterday
English for work he is oh really that's
cool we studying with from oh and it's
Christmas or Korea no actually I I
worked in it was our visa oh oh you were
in the US Army weird one I guess
well that's just perfect yeah your
English is awesome wall lingua marina
Wow yeah thank you so much great meeting
you Koreans is so nice oh my god he
started explaining he took his phone off
he's like oh you go there you go there
with best bubble teas conch ah I'm like
I've been there two times today but I
didn't say that perfectly yeah he's not
really good yes can ask is something
real quick what is the best Korean
cosmetics to buy like the very top like
makeup for sure if you want to go to
I mean chicken with rice inside oh it's
a rice chicken no no no a stinking
with rice inside what's the name
of it how are you so good at remembering
picking Bob the trick is you do not work
outdoors India
oh you speak Mandarin uh-huh okay oh
that's not that fun yeah there's two
blocks where this wrong like China China
China 1900 Oh car washer tapes right
mean how told me I know I know but bad
words for Canada and she's from Russia
Shesha nice meeting you thank you so
much thank you here is a blog if you
don't mind is it okay for us to use the
video is it okay the channel is called
lingua marina on YouTube yeah yeah you
think
thank you so much guys thank you this is
how you get new followers great lingo
marina please find and subscribe bubble
tea places like you don't know
the lot a bunch of nice hey excuse me
I'm sorry do you know any good Korean
makeup like the best Korean friend we
were traveling here and we're looking
for like oh yeah there are so many like
Tony moly Siam everything but what is
and what is the best
what is the best that I should buy what
is your favorite
oh okay
and she was white so what was your like
top two brands city see ya oh three
seats end on that yes you know what your
English is perfect yeah it is very good
you're Korean right yeah you're from
here crystal yeah no no your YouTube
account lingua Marina you can search on
YouTube thank you so much thank you
I like how everybody subscribes I'm new
subscribers 3 from China super awesome
let's go there excuse me do you know
where I can try live squid like live
octopus to eat you know the song
Melendez slide I know
octopus yeah yeah like I'm not fried
enough but like live I heard you have to
try it when you come to Korea is it like
the best have you tried I don't know
these yeah yeah you haven't tried
you know what octopus is right there yet
and then you put it on the tick and then
you eat it
oh yeah well you put it on a stick yeah
cause he knows
and it's live it's still like in your
mouth show them um put the oxalis but
it's live yeah like this but it's life
like not frightened oh yeah oh yeah
moving yeah moving yeah you Korea yeah
it's a very looking no no no no one call
team no no cut it you like the whole
night thing cuz cuz it's a cyclic though
yeah this is what they said is like
number one Korean I might choke you
yeah it tried it tries to choke my
Spicer oh no space
is it good have you tried every tries
yeah yeah okay lucky you liked it oh
yeah
hold up that time see like octopus
that's called no not g90
that's a cute name
yeah plenty I'm gonna need my dog duck
she calling the restaurant
yes oh thank you this is a swollen eye
thank you so much thank you she's from
Russia
Josh I'm from Canada
they're hoping so much thank you so much
guys thank you for your timers so nice
we are everywhere there okay well just
walk yes oh well thank you so much thank
you so very much guys see you're awesome
I love your necklace it's Tiffany right
yeah love it love it
thank you I love how they helped me like
I don't need to do my research before I
travel I don't need like Google Maps I
don't need anything I can just ask
people I forgot about this feeling
they're gonna forgot that I can do it
because I'm so used to like staring at
my phone all the time
boy you can do you can just connect with
locals and I love how they all speak
English a little bit and they can come
and they try to and they try to help you
and then the thing is when you go to a
different country you get scared to like
you know call the echos or like talking
oh yeah we want you to do it once you
break out the comfort zone yeah
everything works it's not scary nobody
has told us so for something that
already know it's like Oh Google they
actually call the restaurant - yeah
thanks for trying to call the restaurant
yeah well that's nice Wow
hey girls hey excuse me it ask you
something what I sound like the best
Korean makeup brand I like for like
creams like the top because there is so
many and they just came from Russia yeah
yeah we were tourists here yeah this man
is looking for like some cosmetics to
bring back home like the number one the
like top three can you give me top three
like people that like in the 20s what
did I use yeah
like maybe what do you use you look so
beautiful
what is it Hathaway right oh yeah she's
she's double I want it so what what's
the name again
hey is it here on the moon me and Dawn
do you know I like big shopping mall is
it just that while you guys all use but
this is what I was trying to figure out
cuz we were driving I saw Anne Hathaway
and it said a DC I was like what is she
advertising is like a TV channel so nice
nice okay that's a really good advice
because I was one here is that
in translation Airport Oh in the airport
with the gold go into there but you said
each other I was like oh you have to go
home so long drive so it's here h h HC I
could wear a 5 and a 5 what is the what
is the map that you using because I
tried Google Maps I know really good
ok got it yeah just straighten them the
right perfect perfect thank you so
really good advice about cosmetics
because I was wondering what that was
hey Tracey hey Jase it's so funny that
it's a Korean cosmetic grown man and the
other way yeah way more oh yeah I guess
green cosmetics that they yeah that's
pretty cool
that was awesome thank you celery nice
what's fun yeah it was really fun guys
let me know what are you thinking
waiting for your comments below what is
the next country I should do this social
experiment and comment below and I'll
see you soon if you're not yet
subscribed I subscribe to chase channel
entry you know he blogs in English the
link will be below and there's a red
button below also subscribe this channel
and like this video I'll see you soon
bye